Automatic Desired Area Function for XYDelaunay (#27434)
idaholab/moose: modules/reactor/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator.md

The `PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator` utilizes the general purpose [`XYDelaunayGenerator`](XYDelaunayGenerator.md) triangulation mesh generator and the [`PolyLineMeshGenerator`](PolyLineMeshGenerator.md) to create a circular periphery region around a reactor core. The outer circle properties are specified with the [!param](/Mesh/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator/peripheral_ring_radius) and [!param](/Mesh/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator/peripheral_ring_num_segments) input parameters.

> Optionally, triangle refinement parameters can be used to improve the quality of the triangles in the periphery region. These are specified with either [!param](/Mesh/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator/desired_area), which specifies a single desired maximum triangle area, and [!param](/Mesh/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator/desired_area_func), which specifies the desired maximum triangle area as a function of x,y. input parameters. This type of refinement can also be done following an automatically generated area function. This feature is enabled by [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/use_auto_area_func), while the related parameters include [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_func_default_size), [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_func_default_size_dist), [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_function_num_points), and [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_function_power). See the full documentation for [`XYDelaunayGenerator`](XYDelaunayGenerator.md) for more details on the area refinement options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, triangle refinement parameters can be used to improve the quality of the triangles in the periphery region. These are specified with either the [!param](/Mesh/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator/desired_area) parameter, which specifies a single desired maximum triangle area, or the [!param](/Mesh/PeripheralTriangleMeshGenerator/desired_area_func) parameter, which specifies the desired maximum triangle area as a function of the spatial coordinates x and y. Alternatively, this type of refinement can be done following an automatically generated area function. This feature is enabled by [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/use_auto_area_func), while the related parameters include [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_func_default_size), [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_func_default_size_dist), [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_function_num_points), and [!param](/Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/auto_area_function_power). See the full documentation for [`XYDelaunayGenerator`](XYDelaunayGenerator.md) for more details on the area refinement options.
```
